hi guys pizza here Dave marks 588 day we
have 48 gal 56:35 DX 80 horsepower
rubber-tired skid steer loader with high
file the purpose this video today is to
give you a quick 360 degree view this
machine start run and work this machine
Shea it does everything it's supposed to
do go start your a bike here at the end
you can park this machine has a Dukes 80
horsepower turbo diesel oil cooled
engine starts runs good doesn't have any
abnormal noises or smoke I really like
to Duke's motors are a good engine all
filters and oils have been changed in
this machine as we do on all of our
stuff this is a very affordable ski
skier big lift machine here right around
2600 pounds 80 horse big machine has
rear counterweight kit rear lights and
grills in good shape
someone had painted this peak light does
have very good rubber on all the way
around tight HT to tires does have the
gale style tag system on the front with
a 70-inch gale bucket toothed bucket I
may add does have auxilary hydraulics
for running standard flow attachments
and it does also have the high flow in
front of an asphalt fighter at one time
down here on the quick catch you'll see
there is two little weld places on their
primary they may have put a bushing in
or something we're just pointing that
out good seat machine does have
thirty-one hundred fifty eight hours on
all the lights work the boom isn't
welder busted and over here on this side
we're going to put it out one time we
believe they set it down and a whole
baby for a leveling job and a chainmail
hook there there's a dent there we're
just pointing that out or 100% honest
here we don't like any problems or
surprises with our customers again this
is a big frame machine big horsepower ah
and we have priced this machine very
cheap what it is you don't buy much of a
machine for what we have price we're
gonna go ahead crank it up show you what
it does
guys without gales our whole lives and
we mind a 5635 besides a little kid
actually 5625 come on screw them
I have a new 56:40 we've run gales
forever I like the gal it's all hand
control you have a foot throttle gals a
good machine
don't ever down Selig ale we love them
the lift more than I ever should and
they're fast or quick easy to work when
we really like the game you have any
questions on this machine please call us
please keep in mind this is not a new
machine to use machine and in today's
market you don't buy a bunch of a skid
steer for under $10,000 don't lowball us
of stupid offers we appreciate any and
all offers we get but let's be realistic
any questions please give mark her neck
and call at eight one four six five
eight three oh six six we're glad to
help in any way if you need a frank
quote we're glad to get it for you won't
cost you a dime again eight one four six
five eight three oh six six thank you
very much check it out Mark's play 88
happy Ben